1637 update documentation for release 0.5 (#1660)
Microsoft/WebTemplateStudio: docs/contributing/getting-started-developers.md

- [How to run the extension locally](#how-to-run-the-extension-locally)
- [How to develop the client](#how-to-develop-the-client)
- [How to built a local vsix](#how-to-built-a-local-vsix)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Under the hood](#under-the-hood)

Before starting make sure you read the [Web Template Studio arquitecture](application-architecture.md) document.

If you just want to take advantage from *Web Template Studio* extension, check the [Web Template Studio Installation Instructions page](../install.md).

## Prerequisites

1. Install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)
1. Install [Gulp](https://gulpjs.com/)
1. Install [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads)

> 1. Install [.NET Core SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet-core/3.1)

Reviewer: Counter is showing 1 on all items

Author: This is my preferred way to use lists in markdown and seems that github is ok with it https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/ (search for **_Ordered_** on that page)
If you open the preview of the file, it works ok, but when you create the list you don´t bother about the numberof items and just put **1.** in all of them

Can change if you don´t like this approach :) I just find it easier to manage when you change/add/remove items from the list.

Reviewer: Much easier! Wasn't aware of this possibility

## Tests

### Client Tests
Currently, we use *Jest and React Testing Library* for our unit tests which was set up by `create-react-app`.

To run the client tests, go to `src/client` and run `yarn test` to run all the tests. Running this execute tests in files that end with *.{spec,test}.{js,jsx,ts,tsx}.

#### More info:
- [Jest](https://jestjs.io/)
- [React Testing Library](https://testing-library.com/docs/react-testing-library/intro)

### Template Tests
Currently we use scripts to test the generated code. The scripts are located in [src/extension/src/scripts](../../src/extension/src/scripts).
The **generate-tests** script generates all the different permutations of a Fullstack project (without azure services).
Afterwards the **run-tests** script *installs the dependencies* for the generated project, runs *yarn start*, *yarn lint* and *yarn test* on all the generated projects.

To run the template tests go to the [`extension` folder](../../src/extension) and run `yarn template-tests` to run the tests.

## Under the Hood

> The following notes are inspired by the [vscode-webview-react](https://github.com/rebornix/vscode-webview-react)

Author: ```suggestion
The Architecture of this app was inspired by the [vscode-webview-react](https://github.com/rebornix/vscode-webview-react)

Find some notes about it below if you wish to get started with it:
```

repository by [rebornix](https://github.com/rebornix):

> - We inline `index.html` content in `ext-src/extension.ts`  when creating the webview

Reviewer: Not sure if this path is correct

Author: Probably we can remove this "Under the Hood" section entirely. See what you think about it... I don´t see much value on it... If you check [here](https://github.com/rebornix/vscode-webview-react#under-the-hood) . It just seems to be this text copied, but doesn´t seem to apply much value on our documentation

> - We inline `index.html` content in `ext-src/extension.ts`  when creating the webview

Author: ```suggestion
- We inline the initial html `<!DOCTYPE html> ... ` content in `src/extension/src/reactPanel.ts`  when creating the webview
```
